CUMULUS-2111: Deploy TEA separately (#1863)
nasa/cumulus: CHANGELOG.md

  - The steps for configuring queued execution throttling have changed. See the [updated documentation](https://nasa.github.io/cumulus/docs/data-cookbooks/throttling-queued-executions).
  - In addition to the configuration for execution throttling, the internal mechanism for tracking executions by queue has changed. As a result, you should **disable any rules or workflows scheduling executions via a throttled queue** before upgrading. Otherwise, you may be at risk of having **twice as many executions** as are configured for the queue while the updated tracking is deployed. You can re-enable these rules/workflows once the upgrade is complete.

- **CUMULUS-2111**

>   - The [`thin-egress-app`][thin-egress-app] is no longer included by default as part of the `cumulus` module, so you must add it as a standalone module to your own deployment. To add TEA as a standalone module to your deploymen, take the following steps **before re-deploying your `cumulus-tf` module**:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - The [`thin-egress-app`][thin-egress-app] is no longer deployed by default as part of the `cumulus` module, so you must add it as a standalone module to your own deployment. To add TEA as a standalone module to your deployment, take the following steps **before re-deploying your `cumulus-tf` module**:
```

    1. Add the [`thin-egress-app`][thin-egress-app] module to your `cumulus-tf` deployment as shown in the [Cumulus example deployment](https://github.com/nasa/cumulus/tree/master/example/cumulus-tf/main.tf).

>     2. Follow these instructions to modify your Terraform state so that your existing `thin-egress-app` API gateway will be preserved: <https://github.com/nasa/cumulus/wiki/Migrate-Thin-Egress-App-deployment-to-standalone-module>

Reviewer: Is using the wiki a thing we're doing for extended migration instructions?    I think this is probably fine, but we might want to make sure @nemreid / @laurenfrederick   good with using that as a new communication route to users. 

Also (not directly relevant to this PR)  we should remove the old junk from the wiki if we're going to start using it.

Author: My feeling was that this type of one-time operation doesn't need to go in the public docs and then immediately be outdated, but is a bit too verbose for the CHANGELOG

Reviewer: Sounds good to me, assuming no objections elsewhere.

>   - If you provide your own custom bucket map to TEA as a standalone module, **you must ensure that your custom bucket map includes mappings for the `protected` and `public` buckets specified in your `cumulus-tf/terraform.tfvars`, otherwise Cumulus may not be able to determine the correct distribution URL for ingested files and you may encounter errors in your workflows.**

Reviewer: Probably shouldn't just be *workflows* -- currently we're using this in: 

- reconciliation reports
- the granule model code for granule/move, as it calls reconcileCMRMetadata in `api/models/granules.js`
- Move Granules task

Maybe: 

```suggestion
  - If you provide your own custom bucket map to TEA as a standalone module, **you must ensure that your custom bucket map includes mappings for the `protected` and `public` buckets specified in your `cumulus-tf/terraform.tfvars`, otherwise Cumulus may not be able to determine the correct distribution URL for ingested files and you may encounter errors**
```

[v1.1.0]: https://github.com/nasa/cumulus/compare/v1.0.1...v1.1.0
[v1.0.1]: https://github.com/nasa/cumulus/compare/v1.0.0...v1.0.1
[v1.0.0]: https://github.com/nasa/cumulus/compare/pre-v1-release...v1.0.0

> [thin-egress-app]: <https://github.com/asfadmin/thin-egress-app> "Thin Egress App"

Reviewer: Nit: 
Does this belong here?    The heading is weird already on the changeset section (should we have added a ## [v2.0.0] header when we went v2?), but this is a link to a ... not any more quasi-dependency.

Author: This is another way of doing links in Markdown that allows you to only specify the destination of a link once: https://www.markdownguide.org/basic-syntax/#reference-style-links

Reviewer: 🤦  👍
